
---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: LabLab <no-reply@lablab.ai>
Date: Sun, Oct 5, 2025, 22:37
Subject: ✅ Complete your registration for the Agentic AI Hackathon with IBM!
To: <elhaiba.hamza17@gmail.com>


Agentic AI Hackathon with IBM watsonx Orchestrate
Hey!
Thank you for registering for the Agentic AI Hackathon with IBM watsonx Orchestrate! 
To complete your application, remember to:
1) Make sure you've filled out the mandatory Registration Survey. Only the applicants who've filled it out will be approved to take part in the hackathon. If you've already filled it out - we'll make sure to approve you to participate within the next 24h and you'll get an approval confirmation email straight to your inbox.
2) Join our Discord and #Introduce yourself to connect with fellow innovators!
3) Visit the Hackathon Event Page to find a team to join or create your own (building solo is totally fine as well!). 
Got questions? Our FAQ and Getting Started guide have all the answers✨
Need extra support? Tag @lablab team on Discord.

📢 Want to amplify your hackathon journey? Share that you're joining the Hackathon on social media tagging @lablabai to connect with potential teammates and let your network know you're diving into the AI deep end. Let the world know you're an AI star in the making! ✨
 Get ready to unleash your AI genius from Friday, November 21, 2025 to Sunday, November 23, 2025. Don't forget to 📅  Add to Google Calendar and prepare for some serious building!
See you at the Hackathon!
- The lablab.ai Team
discord • events •  guide • tech • tutorials
Facebook	X	Instagram	LinkedIn	TikTok
Unsubscribe - Unsubscribe Preferences

